Hyperledger:
-------------
Hyperledger is the umbrella open source project that The Linux Foundation has created and hosted since 2015.
It aims at advancing and promoting cross-industry blockchain technologies to ensure accountability,
transparency, and trust among business partners. As a result, Hyperledger makes business network and transactions more efficient.
These benefits are valued by leaders across many industries, including technology, finance, healthcare, 
supply chain, and automotive, among several others.
Hyperledger offers different blockchain platforms. This course will present three of them: Iroha, Sawtooth, and Fabric.
Hyper legder link to know morw on it:
https://www.hyperledger.org/

****Other trainings provided by Linux:
https://training.linuxfoundation.org/linux-courses/development-training
http://training.linuxfoundation.org/linux-courses/system-administration-training
http://training.linuxfoundation.org/linux-courses/open-source-compliance-courses

By the end of this chapter you should be able to:

Discuss blockchain and distributed ledger technologies (DLT).
Explore permissioned and permissionless blockchains and their key characteristics.
Discuss various components of distributed ledger technologies, including consensus algorithms and smart contracts.
Provide a high-level explanation of what Hyperledger is.

Dist Ledger Tech:(DLT):
-------------------------
A distributed ledger is a type of data structure which resides across multiple computer devices,
generally spread across locations or regions.
Distributed Ledger Technology includes blockchain technologies and smart contracts.
While distributed ledgers existed prior to Bitcoin, 
the Bitcoin blockchain marks the convergence of a host of technologies, 
including timestamping of transactions, Peer-to-Peer (P2P) networks, cryptography,
and shared computational power, along with a new consensus algorithm. 

In summary, distributed ledger technology generally consists of three basic components:
a) A data model that captures the current state of the ledger
b) A language of transactions that changes the ledger state
c) A protocol used to build consensus among participants around which transactions will be accepted, and in what order, by the ledger.
